

Make a 5 minute video summarizing your whole project. Realize that this video is supposed to play the same role as a full-fledged project report. Therefore, include all the relevant project details like your design details (including your reasons for those design decisions), the procedure, working demo, any assumptions you made etc.



Trivial ass bullshit basics to fill time:

	Xplain op-amp
		It is ampafi
		Negative feedback lets you set the gain with resistors
		instead of relying on the gain of the op-amp itself
		(which may also be non-linear)
	Xplain capacitat
		It store jarge
		iz redudes # changes in vultage
		No, it blocks DC signals
			(It's a high-pass filter. DC signal is the extreme case of a low frequency.)

Design decisions

Virtual ground (Using capacitors, because op-amps were not working)

Amplifier (in both {summing circuit in transmitter} and {receiver}).

Bias-T to combine DC and AC.

Magnifying glass and photodiode to receive signal.

Headphones instead of speakers for testing, because speaker was awful.



Procedure

To build circuit:
	build it

To use circuit:
	Aim the laser (by setting it on a stack of papers, spare desk items, etc.)
	
	Once you're aiming in roughly the right place, do the rest of the adjustment on the receiving end
	(with spare furniture, drawers, notebooks, etc.)
	
	Use paper or a hand to find the focal point of the lens and aim it a bit above the center of the photodiode.
	
	Yell into microphone.


Working demo
	This will be happening in the background.
	Except with no proof that the sound is working.
	But we do prove that the transmitter is working.

	We should point out you can see the laser light modulating with the music.

Assumptions
	Sam tipped us off that the mic takes 1.5 volts, not 5 V (like you told us.)
		We fed it 2.25 V anyway cause we're pros.

	We assumed initially that the op-amps would work.
		(Maybe we can point out the ones that don't work.)

Musics we used:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnSC0tRmya4

Recording of Dusk in Sandi, track 12 or 13. 
